[2972][ADD] account_commission_sales_fee (#37)
qrtl/rmm-custom: account_commission_sales_fee/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds a "Sales Fee" product to the created vendor bill of settlement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds the "Sales Fee" line to the vendor bill created from a settlement according to the commission configuration.
```
